**Date:** 4/25/23
**Primary location:** [[Domain - Ennui|Ennui]]

## Summary

Picking up outside of The Final Meal, Carmilla heads to the apothecary with Phinneas and Morielle following, while Alina trails Wolf as he storms off into the city. In his hightened-tempered state, Morielle tries to recall some more memories with no luck. Auden is actually the first to get to the apothecary, where he tries to hurry Marienne along in the potion she's making for him, however she assures him that it won't help to be rushed and asks him to give her a little more time. In that window, the others arrive and Carmilla asks the others to wait outside. Auden wants Phinneas nowhere near his person though and tries to push the man inside. Unfortunately, Phinneas bests him and so Auden just puts more space between himself and the others. Once inside, Carmilla has her conversation with Marienne and receives something of her own. Meanwhile, outside, Morielle tries to sneak a peek through the window to see what Carmilla might be up to. Unfortunately, the Baronness spies him and he has to quickly duck away. Auden, growing impatient, draws the attention of Morielle and Phinneas who consider the stranger's state. Morielle heads inside to join Carmilla, where Marienne points him towards the temple - the Sanctum of the Wailing - and to his brother at the Bastion, as well as a wanted poster with Invidious's face on it. The poster read "The devil Invidious, dead or alive, 5000 for his head or 10000 if alive and brought in. To the Fate Dealers at the Prosperity Casino." He learns that in Ennui, he has a little bit of protection. Being one of The Seven buys him some influence, although suggests his siblings might turn him in. Regardless, Marienne suggests that Morielle start there to better uncover his memories. Outside, Phinneas tries to connect with Auden, only to be pushed away and threatened. Morielle and Phinneas head off and Morielle loses his temper, exasperatedly expressing that he wants to know he mattered to someone. When Phinneas expresses that he matters to him, Morielle says that's not enough. Phinneas chooses to walk away to blow off his own steam. Morielle heads to the temple but doesn't make it inside. Instead, he overhears some other pedestrians talking about the Blood Pits and someone named The Bastard. When he asks, they suggest that the bastard is Invidious's boy, leaving Morielle perplexed but he manages to get some memories this time. A memory of a little boy in the Mundane, running back inside to his mother. With this in mind, he has a new destination of the Blood Pits. While all of this is happening, Wolf is jumping across rooftops. Alina, following from the ground, with Boggie does eventually lose him, but sends Boggie after him and decides to go to the bookshop to wait for him. In Blood and Ink, Alina finds the shop apparently empty but as she ventures in further a voice sounds from behind her and introduces himself as Mr. Graves. Alina recognizes him as similar to to the Lord Ash, meaning a vampire. They spend some time asking him questions and he directs them to a book about the Dread Wars and a book of fairytales called The Grimm. He gives them a little more information on the Dread Wars and the Order of the Grim. On their way out, they run into Phinneas, finding the cleric upset. They commiserate a little bit about Morielle's attitude before heading back to the tavern. Eventually, Morielle makes it back and apologizes to Phinneas, dragging the cleric back into his issues and they return to the group as Xixi and Auden join them as well. Morielle, wanting to check in on the Pits, convinces the party to go there before leaving town, as Xixi and Auden promise to meet them outside.

### Recap

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lfEt2ag9iC8" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Rewards Granted

### Characters Interacted With

[[Marianne]], [[Mr. Graves]]