**Date:** 7/6/23
**Primary location:** [[Domain - Ennui|Ennui]], [[Domain - Fortuna|Fortuna]]

## Summary

In the aftermath of the tussle with Yelle and AuTee, Alina, Carmilla, Auden, and Phinneas stood angry and worried at the disappearence of their friends. Heated in her temper, Carmilla approaches Alina and suggests making some kind of loud noise outside, to draw attention to Xixy, as a form of payback. Alina is less eager to give into her rage but is equally as distraught. Phinneas, seemingly in a state of disassociation, stares stoically at the wall of the cave while Auden exits to find Xixy. It doesn't take much, as the mercenary is just outside the cave entrance, cooling off. There are some tense but honest words exchanged where Xixy acknowledges she can hear the others but won't apologize for doing what she thought was right. Together, they head back inside to try to at least offer up an olive branch in the form of directions on how to find Wolf and Morielle. Carmilla remains livid, saying she can't possibly be trusted, but Auden casts Zone of Truth on her and Xixy expresses that she's being honest - she'll help them find the others, as her purpose to free herself of debt and Auden of his bounty are done. There's no winning Carmilla over but Xixy does offer up a nugget of information that seems to silence the Baroness for now. Alina, unable to rest, heads out on a walk, trying anything to make sense of what happened. She attempts to use Locate Object to find the necklace Yelle spoke of, but instead comes to the realization that it was a lie, meant to cover up the real prize: Invidious. She heads back but not without some company as a group of large locust and praying mantis like creatures watch her from afar. Meanwhile, in the city of Edith, in the domain of Fortuna, Morielle and Wolf are being escorted through the streets. After an unsuccessful attempt by Morielle to distract and escape, it is Wolf's turn. It nearly succeeds until AuTee seems to anticipate Morielle's escape and holds him tighten. Yelle also drags Wolf back with her whip, to explain that he's free to go, if he'd like, or he can come along and see how things unfold. However, Morielle tells Wolf to go have some fun and promises that he'll be alright and before the mercenaries can get him to where they're going, Morielle manages to escape with the help of his echo and flees into the city. It's only by happenstance that he hides in the same venue that Wolf got distracted in - The Charmed Embrace, a pleasure and gambling den that is owned by no other than Morielle's brother, Lussuria. After some more shenanigans and fortunes read, the two hatch a plan to disguise themselves and steal Yelle's necklace before escaping again and finding their way back to their friends. They go through a whole montage of getting pampered and dressed in drag before heading out and momentarily getting sidetracked by some ultra successful pick-pocketing that left them feeling the blessing of good fortune. With that in mind, they set off to find Yelle and AuTee. Back in Ennui, the rest of the party sets out for the Necropolis again but not before some grief-filled and angry words between Phinneas and the Baroness. They're uneasy about trusting Xixy but also express a distrust for Auden and the tricks he has up his sleeves. Auden overhears this but waits to address it until they're back in The Final Meal, where he explains he's done nothing but try to help them since they've set out on this journey together, giving them every reason to believe he's trustworthy. The pair claims it still isn't enough to have earned their trust, and the group is left in an highly tense state of who is ever who they say they are. We ended on the pair in Fortuna, who were about to engage in their heist of Yelle's plane shift necklace, which is where we'll pick up.

### Recap

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/f8CetnS-010" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Rewards Granted

### Characters Interacted With

Xixy, Yelle, AuTee, Enevra, Endilwel