**Date:** 1/18/22
**Primary Location:** [[The Wilds]]

The session began with the party split within the Wilds outpost and Alina's family. As Andrei helped his daughter, Alina, tend to her wound, she explained the extent of the day they had and how wild it was. Andrei doesn't recall Ursula's group passing through but he does seem to believe her and reminds her that he's never had a reason to doubt anything she says. Meanwhile, the Baronness and Phinneas see to the dead body of Eleanor with Laila, getting the first peek into the blonde woman's house but spending most of it preforming their own little resting ceremonies over the deceased. Laila recognizes Phinneas when he speaks Epoch as does the Baronness and there is a silent moment exchanged while Morielle watches from the doorway. As they leave to regroup, the Baronness spots a few ruins carved into the outside walls of the outpost, in seemingly random locations. Morielle continues exploring and finds himself at Laila's cabin. Suspicious of what she might know, he finds a way inside and begins to scout a round, eventually finding a journal where she's kept a daily record of her life as well as strange symbols in the margins. They seem like drawings at first but Morielle makes a copy to show to Phinneas when they're alone. Wolf wanders off a bit to do some exploring of his own and eventually Alina catches up to him. They share a comforting moment as Alina shares a bit about how her parents were exiled and what it was that brought them out to the Wilds to begin with. Wolf shares his book with Alina, in which she can pick up a bit about Ennui and see that some of it is written in another language. Eventually, she leaves him to rejoin the fire and Wolf spends a bit of time practicing before returning as well. It's not until Alina's parents and Laila head to bed that the group begins to have a conversation with one another -- or rather, multiple, as Phinneas and Morielle communicate via Message. When the group does turn to a singular conversation, things get a little flirty between the Baronness and Morielle, while also growing uncomfortable for some of the others. They all eventually head to bed, but the Baronness holds back to do a little scouting of the runes. Laila finds her and seems unsurprised she recognized them. The two share a brief exchange witnessed by the silent Morielle who gets the confirmation that Laila knows more than she's letting on. He cooks up a plan, pulling Phinneas into it, and attempts to threaten her into sharing what she knows. However, as he presses his knife into her throat, assuming she'll cave, he witnesses his first time elf magic as she takes them back by a few seconds and flips the script on him. She tells him she won't answer questions for him but will for Phinneas. Phinneas shares that he is a phoenix, or believes he is. The Baronness joins them. Laila challenges what Phinneas believes about life and death and how Time handles them. Baronness asks if she's really going to tell them everything, but when Laila tells Phinneas to make fire, he does, much to his surprise. Laila can only acknowledge that it's strange that he doesn't know who he is but that she also hasn't met many to confirm. They all express concern over Wolf, but Laila's priority seems to be keeping Alina safe. Laila offers to help with Phinneas' sleep, bringing out a sleep potion, and with that they head to bed, but not before she warns the Baronness about what Phinneas could be and what he's capable of. She is adament that he be in his domain and not the Mundane. 

### Recap

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/wkUwteXdzE8" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Character(s) interacted with

[[Andrei]], [[Malia]], [[Laila Mistsplitter]]