**Date:** 12/1/22
**Primary location:** [[City - Pencaster]], the Pencaster Theatre

We started the morning off in the Wild of Landrus, where Alina woke up in her family's settlements. Sensing the dream was not so much a dream, she went about her day with a little more eagerness and perhaps some anxiety than before. After speaking with her parents, she set out on the road to Pencaster, coming across Ursula and her family a bit earlier in the day than she previously had. She helped them ford the river and then together, they headed for town. Meanwhile, Phinneas wakes up in his ramshackle apartment in Fog Harbor, having been recently displaced after part of the Clockwork Temple was destroyed. He goes about his morning prayers, and then heads into the city to tend to those in need until the time when he's supposed to meet up with Morielle. Morielle, who woke up in the Crystal Chalice with a start, found himself caught in a near panic attack with fear. He tried to explain a little to Ivy, the innkeeper, but didn't get far before going about his day. With Greyson, he headed over to the orphanage to check in on the kids, where he found Case by himself working on his vocabulary homework. A single word written in repetition on the page - Dream. After giving some sound advice to the boy, Mori headed out to the blacksmith for his day's work. Wolf woke up in his childhood home, in the bedroom still befitting a four year old and promptly began to hack off the head of his rocking horse to leave on his mother's bed. After an arguement had through the door and hearing his father trudge home, Wolf begrdugingly headed downstairs to join his mother on her errands. While in town, the strangers begin to run into one another again. Alina recognizes Wolf and his mother and attempts to interact, surprising Wolf. Then, Alina sees Morielle at the blacksmith's and engages in the same way. After a few hours, the group finds themselves individually back at the theater where, once again, the terrifying play-turned-nightmare is getting underway. Alina and Wolf manage to talk a little beforehand and even seek out Morielle and Phinneas, as everyone begins to recognize one another. Taking their seats, a little more distant from where the night terror landed before, they start to watch in horror as the previously night's encounter unfolds for them. However, this time, they use their dream to their advantage and manage to trap the night terror before Morph eventually turns it into a bat again and they kill it. Having caught Morph in their ruse and Ursula in her lies, the group attempts to question them both as they all head back stage for a little privacy. 

### Recap

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/xHCOefuawJg" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Character(s) interacted with

[[Morph]], [[Ursula]], [[Xalvador]], [[Peyton]], [[Bala]], [[Ivy]], [[Greyson]], [[Erica]], [[Case]] + the kids