**Date:** January 11, 2024
**Primary location:** [[Domain - Fortuna|Fortuna]], Edith, The Tarnished Coin

## Summary

After the fight in the Tarnished Coin, the party spends a few minutes to themselves trying to get their heads on straight. Wolf speaks with Morielle and tries to convince him that he didn't manage to pickpocket the elves. Morielle, cunning as always, sees through the lie but doesn't manage to catch on that there was more than the 1000 gold they originally thought. Satisfied with his "half" Morielle turns to drinking while Wolf excuses himself to the bathroom and, from the privacy of the toilet, takes his first peek into the life book of Invidious. Inside, he reads of Invidious's creation and then flips to the end to see a scene as it's being written of Morielle tossing back drink after drink, feeling sorry for himself and encased in self-loathing and anger. Meanwhile, outside, with some quick thinking, Alina manages to distract the dream elf and plasmoid who were eyeing Auden, giving the nightmare enough time to disappear and hide. The pair of bounty hunters move on just as Phinneas emerges from the tavern on a fiery brink, to which he and Alina quickly make their way down to the river and Phinneas tosses himself in. The water is enough to quench the flames for now and he reemerges looking pale and gaunt before he and Alina return to Carmilla on the bench. Wolf had joined her and the two unlikely Despair-touched individuals have a moment discussing their shared connection with the vampires of Ennui and what to do about it. Phinneas apologizes to Wolf, and then he and Carmilla also have a private moment, discussing Morielle and what happened in the tavern. At the end of this, the group realizes Morielle is no longer in the tavern and after asking the bartender if he had seen the man leave, begin to head in the direction of Lucky's Bazaar of Fate, the first of three locations Morielle wrote he might be. While all of this is happening, Morielle headed off in search of his contact, the Black Cat, Dortish, who he found skulking around Lucky's Bazaar, convinced that the fight in the tavern had been about him. Invidious asks if the cat has any idea about the keycoin or his disappearence but the cat only says that they haven't heard from him in months. He suggests checking with the valkyerie, Sevastyan, at the Pegasus' Roost, as the braggert has a mouth that just won't quit. Satisfied he's exhausted the informant, he decides to purchase a few things for his companions, as part of his apology and begins to head back towards the tavern. Eventually, the party finds Morielle and they all duck into an alleyway where in Morielle manages to goad Carmilla again, still on edge from their brawl in the Tarnished Coin, and convinces her to unleash some of the anger she's clearly holding for him. Accepting the beating this time, Morielle admits that they share a connection - more than the flirting he kept insisting on - but a love for the woman turned revenant and he begins sincere apologies to the group, and especially Phinneas, that ends in tears. It is only then, as the two men are hugging that Carmilla notices her cane, discarded in the fight with Morielle, is being stolen by some gremlins.

### Recap

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/dYhf-6jWZso?si=UnE4KYJR-XI-7Kgj" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Rewards Granted

Morielle bought a Broom of Flying, a Scroll of Warding Bond and a scroll of Feather Fall

### Characters Interacted With

Lucky, Dortish, 