**Date:** July 27th, 2023
**Primary location:** [[Domain - Ennui|Ennui]]

## Summary

The party took a day to rest before setting off for the Crypt of Contrition. Being led by Xixy, they reached the outskirts of a large cemetery that spanned as far as the eye could see. The group picked through a few graves, reading names and epitaphs. It's Morielle who finds something of interest when he notices a stone with the Baroness' name on it. "Carmilla Zarkova: In life, there is no neutral. You either live or you die." Intrigued, he starts digging it up to see what he can find and ends up meeting two kobold grave robbers who are looking for bones as well. He borrows their shovel in exchange for the promise of a few bones. However, after a while, it become clear, there's nothing buried here. Meanwhile, Wolf and Alina look for an unmarked grave where Wolf's father might be. While they don't see anything, they do see a symbol within a mausoleum that matches the moon shapes throughout Wolf's book. Auden casts Detect Magic to get a better idea of what he might be looking for, but the only thing that lights up besides his companions magical items, is the mausoleum itself. Carmilla has kept her distance for a bit but eventually wanders over and sees a tombstone with Seraphina Duskwood's name on it - Lord Ash's wife. It seems enchanted to remain pristine, and earns the comment of another passing figure who pauses to chat with Carmilla for a minute. She learns a little bit more about the House of Ash and also that Isabella has been through here recently, as the wereraven points off in the direction of the frantically digging Morielle. The group arrives at Carmilla's grave in time for Morielle to see there's nothing in there. Enraged at his desecration, Carmilla throws him back only to be pointed to the stone and see her own name. Controlled but still boiling, she kicks the gravemarker in half and encourages the party onward, to find Wolf's father. Inside the mausoleum, the group finds six plain sarcophagi and a riddle - paint their blood on the skeletal door to find the key. Xixy and Boggy hang back to watch the entrance but each member of the party paints their hand and watches as the sarcophagi shift in appearence, each unique to them. It's only once they climb in and witness flashes backs from their past, memories they've forgotten or seen from a different perspective, that they open back up and the party is let out. Wolf saw for perhaps the first time how human his parents were and understood more about why his life was the way it was. Alina saw the trial where her parents were exiled for Pencaster as well as a shady figure who seems to have played a role in their guilt. Auden watched himself as a nightmare, feeding on the sleeping dreams of an orphaned child. Carmilla saw, for the first time, how she had been attacked while in Ennui to collect a soul and understood the game Isabella had made of it. Morielle saw the terror that his family has wrought on his personal life as he was encouraged to kill a mortal boy and woman - delivering a wound that he recognized as Bloody Mary's. (PHinneas' will be determined when Ryan is back!) Once out, Morielle falls into a mental breakdown and only barely manages to pull it together as the party is given two doors - through the skeletal one or through the endless stairs that appeared in Wolf's tomb. They opt for the stairs and end up stuck in the dark for hours, falling a few times before they realize the stairs are enchanted and they have to put out the lightsources and close their eyes in order to find the door. Once they do, they push inside to a wide antechamber that is lit by candles, smells of fragrant jasmine and lilies. They see several tapestries on the walls and then, in the distance, some monk acolytes pranking each other, only to be scolded by a presumed teacher who spies the party. Surprised but welcoming, it's Wolf who steps forward to show the man his book and it becomes clear to the monk who he is and what he's doing here. The party is invited further inward with the promise of food, rest, and answers.

### Recap

Forgot to record! 

### Rewards Granted

### Characters Interacted With

[[Xixy]], [[Boggy]], [[Zephyr]], Tagi the wereraven, Gorn and Snepo the kobolds